hi I'm Chris awesome with cognitive The
Avenues and I'm here to introduce you to
this 2005 toyota rav4 this Toyota rav4
is silver in color and comes with a
black and gray cloth interior now we'll
take a look inside the driver's side as
you can see it's a manual driver's seat
does have power windows and power locks
steering wheel controls for the stereo
system and does come equipped with the
sunroof
and now we'll take a look at the back
seat back seat can fit two adults
comfortably and the seats do recline
back for optimal comfort and as you can
see by the green air pressure cap here
at Cogswell Yoda we put nitrogen and all
our tires some more stable gas and helps
with better fuel efficiency this vehicle
back by the coggan assurance package is
110% price guarantee and a five day
money-back guarantee with the 60 day
2,000 mile warranty
let's take a look at the back as you can
see spare tires fitted on the back and
it's a very easy to open back door good
amount of room for storage and the seats
do fold down for more room
in 2005 the Toyota rav4 was voted best
compact utility vehicle in its class by
IntelliChoice and now let's take a look
in through the passenger seat
in the passenger seat is manual as well
so one does CD player am/fm stereo
[Music]
if you're looking for an SUV but are
still kind of used to a car crossover is
perfect and the rav4 is one of the best
this vehicle right now is priced at
fourteen ninety five low internet
special and again my name is Chris
awesome acog and Toyota T avenues if you
have any questions about this 2005
Toyota rav4
please give us a call